ID	Label	Text
6944	No Propaganda	 I filed an amicus brief defending the Second Amendment before the Supreme Court in the case of New York State Rifle and Pistol Association v. Bruen. For the last century, New York’s mandates have banned Americans from carrying a firearm outside of their home unless a public safety bureaucrat determines they have “proper cause
5074	Appeal to Fear	""" It would simply require that millionaires and billionaires pay the same Social Security taxes as everyone else. Fighting for Health Care Congressman Sherman voted against the Republican cuts to the federal health insurance program in the “One Big Ugly Bill” recently signed by President Trump. The recently passed changes will force an estimated 17 million Americans to lose their health care coverage and targets Medicaid funding by creating a web of new limits on state funding and increasing patients’ out-of-pocket spending"""
8176	Appeal to Fear	American College of Emergency Physicians: “Nearly every emergency physician has been assaulted or threatened on the job and the problem is only getting worse. Health care workers should be able to focus on saving lives without fearing for their safety. ACEP is deeply grateful to Rep
12865	Loaded Language	 The earlier children start learning, the better. Early education promotes childhood development, often a determinant of health for the rest of someone’s life. In Maryland, we understand that reaching and teaching kids early is critical to setting them on the right path
22722	No Propaganda	” - Congressman Bobby Scott. HistoryPressLettersRep. Scott's TestimonyAdministration Officials' ResponsesHistory of the Faith-Based InitiativeIn August of 1963, thousands of people gathered to march on Washington to urge the adoption of federal civil rights protections
7531	No Propaganda	 Tax Relief Beginning in 2016, Reps. Larson and Courtney began consulting with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and Treasury Department staff to find relief for homeowners. As a result of these meetings, on November 22, 2017, the IRS issued Rev
6876	Loaded Language	I introduced an appropriations amendment that redirected wasteful spending in the bill in order to increase funding for Rural Health Community Facilities. I cosponsored the Telehealth Expansion Act, legislation that would make a waiver permanent to allow for increased coverage and expansion of telehealth.I introduced H
10198	No Propaganda	 He believes everyone should have a fair opportunity to be admitted to a college or university without discrimination. That's why he cosponsored the Fair College Admissions for Students Act, a crucial piece of legislation that aimed to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to prohibit institutions of higher education participating in Federal student aid programs from giving admissions preference to students with legacy or donor status. This act is a vital step towards ensuring equal opportunities for all students
15569	Loaded Language	"""My staff and I are working to address the disability benefits claims backlog and continue to meet with officials in the Department of Veterans Affairs and local Veterans Service Organizations to find solutions. I have a dedicated team ready to help veterans navigate the federal resources and benefits available to them. I take casework very seriously, so if you or a veteran you know is having an issue with their benefits, please reach out to my Reno office to see how we can assist"""
19935	No Propaganda	If you have questions about the vaccines please consult with your physician and visit the CDC website.Updates on Economic Impact PaymentsFor a full list of questions and answers regarding the status of your EIP visit the IRS website.Information for Student Loan Borrowers:The interest on federal student loans is set at 0% and are placed in forbearance (suspension of payments) until August 31, 2022
17379	Loaded Language	Every Hudson Valley family should be able to turn on the faucet and have the peace of mind knowing the water is clean and safe; they should be able to let their children run around on the playground without worrying about toxins or contaminants. Everyone deserves clean air, water, and soil - that’s what I’m fighting for.FIGHTING TOXIC ‘FOREVER CHEMICALS’As a member of the Congressional PFAS Task Force, I introduced the historic PFAS Action Act, the most comprehensive legislation to combat “forever chemicals” in our drinking water and household goods to date
11344	No Propaganda	This law lowers premium costs for small businesses and families and, beginning in 2014, provides coverage to over 30 million Americans. It improves quality and helps to eliminate fraud and abuse. It protects and even adds Medicare benefits for seniors and people with disabilities, while expanding access to home- and community-based long-term care services
12673	Loaded Language	""" In order to make meaningful progress, we need to make sure that all of the stakeholders have a seat at the table, and that everyone has a voice in repairing our beautiful estuary. If we don't receive """"buy-in"""" from all active partners, we can never achieve the goal of a robust environment that our children will be able to appreciate. This does mean that other upstream states whose waters flow into the Bay must also do their part, and the federal government is a logical choice to make sure that happens"""
5775	No Propaganda	 The legislation will also – for the first time – require EPA to study the cumulative impact that multiple sources of pollution can have on a nearby community and incorporate that information into the agency’s health assessments going forward. Creating the nation’s first-ever Federal Clean Energy StandardIn addition to reducing methane emissions, DeGette has authored legislation that would create the first-ever federal clean-energy standard. The measure would require U
12636	Loaded Language	 Our veterans are heroes and deserve our respect and gratitude. However, for many veterans coming home, it is a difficult and painful transition – especially dealing with the VA bureaucracy.We must keep our promise to those who answered our nation's call by ensuring they have access to the highest quality health care
13752	No Propaganda	 Technological Leadership: Introduced H.R. 2449, FUTURE Networks Act, with Rep
11934	Name Calling	 Holding foreign competitors accountable for manipulating energy markets and stealing American intellectual property is necessary to maintaining fair competition. Expanding domestic clean energy research and innovation will drive long-term economic growth and keep America at the forefront of the global energy industry. By investing in homegrown energy production and manufacturing, we can create jobs, boost national security, and ensure a cleaner, more prosperous future
4423	No Propaganda	""" We passed the REMOVE Copays Act so we can reduce out-of-pocket expenses for vets seeking MH or substance abuse treatment by allowing vets to attain copay-free services through VA and community providers for their first three outpatient visits each year. We made landmark progress to protect survivors of sexual violence, by directing the VA to work with agencies to do studies on outcomes from VA examinations and on mental health conditions related to military sexual trauma. We passed the GI Bill Guard and Reserve Parity Act that ensures that reservists get credit for their drills toward 9/11 GI Bill benefits and obtaining VA home loans"""
20781	Loaded Language	Our region and our state depend on the conservation of nature to grow and prosper. I’m committed to keeping oil rigs off our coast permanently to ensure South Carolina will never experience the crippling devastation others have and that we do all we can to protect our environment and wildlife.For more information concerning work and views related to Offshore Drilling, please contact our office
9670	No Propaganda	As a Member of Congress, Congresswoman Wilson is deeply committed to protecting Social Security. This means she will vote against any measure to privatize the program, cut benefits, or increase the eligibility age. As a core commitment, Congresswoman Wilson believes Social Security recipients should be entitled to maintain their purchasing power
13482	Loaded Language	"""By promoting good jobs, strengthening workers' rights, and protecting programs like Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid, we can help keep the American Dream alive. We need to invest not just in higher education, but also in career and technical education, small businesses, and our social service programs. As the national security threats we face and the dangers of the climate crisis pile up, we need to take this opportunity to invest in the middle and working classes to create millions of jobs on our shores and foster an economy where everyone plays by the rules and pays their fair share"""
4348	Name Calling	 I am fighting for change. As a member of the Ways and Means Committee, I was proud to help formulate and pass into law legislation that addressed that issue head-on, with stronger protections for seniors that will result in lower costs at the pharmacy counter. Before last year, too many people just talked about doing something when it comes to prescription drug prices
20853	Loaded Language	  We have formed coalitions of nations to depose tyrannical dictators that threatened the freedoms and safety of our citizens and allies.  Together with our friends we have drawn attention to humanitarian crises and worked to improve the quality of life in those parts of the world that live in poverty and turmoil.As a senior member of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, I have the privilege to help address the issues facing our relationships with nations around the world
3806	No Propaganda	""" Enrico Moretti, a Berkeley economist, found that for every tech job, five other new jobs are created. This multiplier effect creates important service jobs such as baristas, doctors, lawyers, and dry cleaners, among many others. I believe that working families are the backbone of this country, and that's why I have made lifting them up a central part of my agenda"""
15105	No Propaganda	 I will always be committed to keeping taxes low for hardworking families and getting government out of the way so that Americans can do what they do best: work hard and innovate in pursuit of their dreams.With the Republican Tax Cuts and Jobs Act being signed into law, we are finally delivering bigger paychecks, fairer taxes, and more jobs for the people of Missouri. It has set the stage for our families and our economy to prosper, and businesses across the country have reacted with pay raises and improved employee benefits that directly enrich American workers
18733	Appeal to Fear	"""STEMMING JOBS LOSSES AND BALANCING OUR TRADE DEFICI We cannot sit by idly while American jobs are being shipped overseas, our manufacturing base is being eroded, our wages decline, and our economy is threatened by unfair trade agreements and ballooning trade deficits. Congress needs to take dramatic action to stop the downward economic spiral. Two pieces of legislation by Congresswoman Kaptur address this issue directly: The NAFTA Accountability Act (H"""
20588	No Propaganda	 The funding would be used to support local law enforcement efforts to enforce laws and address violent crime.Financial disclosure letterAffordable Housing in Wilkinsburg, PennsylvaniaSubcommittee/Agency/Account: Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, Department of Housing and Urban Development, Economic Development InitiativesRecipient: ACTION-Housing, Inc.Address: 611 William Penn Place, Suite 800, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15217Requested amount: $2,000,000Description: To support a mixed-use development located in the heart of the Wilkinsburg commercial district
17542	Loaded Language	 Thank you!!”-James, Brighton“The Hudson River Sloop Clearwater, an historic Hudson Valley service organization, experienced an unexpected automated action from the IRS that if not resolved quickly could have had very negative consequences. I immediately contacted Congressman Ryan's office for advice and support. The Congressman's staff promptly responded to our request for assistance, contacted the IRS Tax Advocate Services on our behalf, and advocated for our need to expedite review and resolution with professional skill
14012	No Propaganda	R.1229 - United States-Israel Defense Partnership Act07/10/2023 – Cosponsor: H.R
5427	Loaded Language	"""R. 319) which would do just that and help cut off the job magnet that draws people here illegally. I also believe that to truly secure our homeland, we must stop the flow of illicit narcotics into our communities"""
13100	Name Calling	Regrettably, President Trump has expressed his wish to claw back unobligated funding for housing and rental assistance from the American Rescue Plan Act (ARPA) and the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA). This would include the Emergency Rental Assistance Program (ERAP), Homeowner Assistance Fund (HAF), Affordable Housing Program (HOME-ARP), and Residential Energy Programs. To date, these programs have provided over 800 housing vouchers to Marylanders, brought $55 million in housing grants to Prince George’s County, and put a roof over the heads of hundreds of my constituents
1474	Loaded Language	I am proud to serve as a member of the Committee on Homeland Security, including as Chairman of the Emergency Management and Technology Subcommittee. Protecting our homeland requires constant vigilance across many fronts – from securing our borders and preventing illegal crossings, to addressing emerging threats posed by drones, cyberattacks, and bioterrorism.  Our nation faces complex and evolving challenges, including drug and human trafficking, threats to mass gatherings and critical infrastructure, and risks to our agricultural and food systems
16651	No Propaganda	""" 6264 – Protect Our Law enforcement with Immigration Control and Enforcement (POLICE) Act of 2021 H.R. 6375 – COPS on the Beat Grant Program Reauthorization and Parity Act of 2022 H"""
12699	No Propaganda	 As the daughter of civil servants, the Congresswoman personally understands the vital role that our public servants play in our economy and government. Maryland’s Third District alone is home to 44,000 federal employees. Congresswoman Elfreth will always support the economic well-being and bargaining rights of our federal workers so they can do their jobs free from politicization and political manipulation
9583	Loaded Language	Congresswoman Cherfilus-McCormick serves on the House Committee of Veterans Affairs. She is committed to ensuring our veterans receive the services and benefits they deserve. In addition, she is deeply committed to increasing public awareness of Veterans Affairs
20501	Name Calling	 Rep. Kelly believes Pennsylvanians know how best to spend their hard-earned dollars better than the government and Washington bureaucrats.Throughout his tenure on the Ways and Means Committee, Rep
21714	No Propaganda	R. 8 and H.R
6791	Appeal to Fear	When I was sworn into Congress, I pledged to support and defend the Constitution of the United States—including the Second Amendment. The Founders understood that the right to keep and bear arms is necessary to the security of a free state, so they drafted the Bill of Rights to ensure that the government did not mess with our sacred liberties. Despite the clarity of the Second Amendment, leftists continue to try and trample on our enumerated rights
7442	Name Calling	 Unfortunately, instead of renewing this expanded credit President Trump and Congressional Republicans instead chose to pass a budget bill that gives the most benefits to the wealthiest Americans, paid for by cutting health insurance and food benefits. Rep. Larson will continue fighting to repeal tax breaks for the wealthiest 1% and replace it with the expanded Child Tax Credit and other initiatives to help families
21279	Loaded Language	 He will continue to advocate for strong, stable funding for the NEA and other federal programs that sustain jobs and creative expression in Memphis and beyond.Arts in EducationThe arts are not an “add-on” to core education, they are a cornerstone of a complete education. Congressman Cohen has long championed efforts to expand access to arts education in public schools and ensure that creative learning receives the same level of support as science, technology, engineering, and math
6533	No Propaganda	 H.R. 845: Pet and Livestock Protection Act— I introduced H
20894	No Propaganda	I am grateful to work with MOAA and other military and veteran groups to advocate for veterans and their families. These partnerships are a long-term effort to ensure our servicemembers and their families have strong advocates in Washington, D.C
5975	No Propaganda	 The biodiversity of the area ranges from junipers at lower levels to Douglas fir, aspen, and ponderosa at higher elevations. The creek runs year-round and provides recreation opportunities to residents of nearby Colorado Springs and surrounding communities. A characteristic feature is the two canyons of the East and West Beaver Creeks, which come together at the edge of the area
3385	No Propaganda	"""I cosponsored H.R. 4311, the Medicare Dental, Hearing, and Vision Benefit Act, to expand Medicare benefits to include items and services such as dentures, preventive and emergency dental care; refractive eye exams and eyeglasses; and hearing aids and exams, and to provide for appropriate payment to health providers through Medicare Part B"""
12793	Name Calling	""" Today, House Republicans are saying the quiet part loud. President Trump """"couldn't care less"""" if you are forced to pay more for your next car. Rather, he is executing an economic policy that benefits his bank account over the American people"""
3067	Name Calling	 Instead of allowing college students to refinance staggering student debts, they protect bank profits.Instead of passing legislation to ensure women receive equal pay for equal work, they support putting bosses in charge of women’s health freedoms. They even threatened to shut down the government to stop women from accessing Planned Parenthood
11294	Appeal to Fear	 If some do not report to work, as has happened in prior shutdowns, there will be significant delays and longer wait times across the country. What does this mean for disaster relief efforts? Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) staff will still respond to emergencies, but all long-term projects will be delayed due to a lack of funding in the Disaster Relief Fund. How will this affect environmental protection and cleanup? The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) will stop inspecting most hazardous waste sites, as well as drinking water and chemical facilities
16708	Loaded Language	""" 1123 – Veteran Suicide Prevention Act H.R. 1273 – Vietnam Veterans Liver Fluke Cancer Study Act H"""
20442	Appeal to Fear	 Unfortunately, both of the important and long-standing policies are in the process of being rolled back by Democrats. In 2021, I also introduced the Heartbeat Protection Act, which prohibits abortions when an unborn child's heartbeat is detected.There are several important court cases on abortion right now in our nation, including the Whole Woman’s Health v
16559	Loaded Language	Securing our border is a national security imperative. Under my leadership, the Committee will continue working to stop the flow of fentanyl into our communities, dismantle human trafficking networks, and strengthen enforcement against illegal immigration.Long Islanders also know firsthand the devastation caused by natural disasters
2102	No Propaganda	S. Food and Drug Administration. Congresswoman Matsui also Co-Chairs the Congressional Food Allergy Caucus, advocating for issues impacting the 32 million Americans who have a potentially life-threatening food allergy
5593	No Propaganda	Issa is a proud Army veteran.  As a senior in high school, Issa enlisted in the United States Army. Through his service, he received a ROTC scholarship and graduated with a degree in business
18926	No Propaganda	 The Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) builds on the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law by advancing President Biden’s Justice40 Initiative, which commits to delivering 40% of the benefits of clean energy, climate change, and related federal investments to communities underserved with infrastructure and overburdened by pollution. Every American has the right to live in clean and environmentally safe communities. While the BIL included crucial steps toward addressing environmental injustices, there is still much work to be done
11211	No Propaganda	 ___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________Energy Efficient Home Improvement: 25C (Up to $3,200 Available Now)DESCRIPTIONThe Inflation Reduction Act significantly expands and extends the 25C tax credit, now known as the Energy Efficient Home Improvement Credit. Previously, this tax credit was limited to 10% of your project costs but is now increased to up to 30% and available on an annual basis. After January 1, 2023, qualified energy-efficient improvements to your home may qualify you for tax credits worth up to $3,200
14245	Loaded Language	  Additionally, there has been an increasing presence of heroin and opioid abuse in Michigan which has sadly led to numerous overdoses and deaths. As a member of the Bipartisan Heroin Task Force, I’ve been working with my colleagues to foster awareness, develop best practices, and promote collaboration to address problems associated with heroin addiction. In October 2018, the President signed into law, the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act, a series of legislative solutions to fight the crisis our country is currently facing
2880	No Propaganda	 At the same time, we must work to reduce the achievement gap, create opportunities for students to attain higher education, and make sure that we have the best trained, most qualified teachers in the world.In strengthening our education system, we will create a thriving, 21st century workforce that will lead emerging industries and ensure America remains a leading economic power on the world stage.WHAT DEMOCRATS ARE DOINGEarly EducationEarly childhood learning programs have proven to be one of the most valuable investments in our children's future, dramatically increasing their ability to succeed later in school and in life
6521	No Propaganda	 These include bills like H.R. 845 the Pet and Livestock Protection Act, H
21983	Loaded Language	  Congresswoman Garcia works diligently to ensure that the law protects every person, and she is a champion for reproductive justice and will continue the fight to secure the rights for our most marginalized communities. Women’s EqualityBelow are a few examples of how the Congresswoman has worked in Washington, D.C
12582	Name Calling	""" NO CORRUPTION Act: Politicians should face real consequences when they abuse their office. This bill would eliminate pension payments for members of Congress who have been convicted of felonies or various offenses related to their work in office. More Transparency, Less Foreign Influence in Our Elections Block Foreign-Funded Political Ads Act: Foreign adversaries shouldn’t be able to pay to sow division among Americans or spread propaganda on American media channels"""
3516	Loaded Language	"""Long wait times and scheduling problems at VA Medical Centers are deeply concerning, and I am working to ensure veterans are receiving timely access to quality care. After learning of long wait times at VA Medical Centers, I wrote a letter to the VA Secretary requesting a system-wide audit of scheduling practices and wait times. I've also visited the VA facility in Livermore and have been assured by the director and her staff that while long wait times and access issues are occurring at VA centers across the country, this is not the case in the Bay Area"""
9180	No Propaganda	 As such, he has regularly supported increases in Title I and IDEA funding. The Congressman is also a long-time proponent of Career, Technical and quality Apprenticeship education programs, and has supported legislation to strengthen the opportunities for students throughout the nation.Congressman Bilirakis has also previously supported legislation to increase access to higher education by raising the maximum Pell Grant (federal assistance that deserving students do not have to repay) award
18251	No Propaganda	For more information concerning my work and views on National Security issues, please contact our office. Thank you.
3512	Loaded Language	""" I will continue to support policies that protect our troops, their families, and our nation. And we must make good on our promise to help our fighting men and women when they return home; we owe them much more than a """"thank you for your service,"""" we owe them real actions to provide meaningful support. The federal government must live up to its responsibilities to properly support those who served in our armed forces and their families"""
7960	No Propaganda	"""U.S. Department of Agriculture I have also received notification that the U"""
20606	No Propaganda	 A-K Valley - Police River Patrol Boat - $125,000The Allegheny Valley Regional Police Department is seeking funding to purchase a law enforcement watercraft for the protection of the residents of the three communities along the Allegheny River that is within their jurisdiction.The entity to receive funding for this project is the Allegheny Valley Regional Police Department, located at 100 Plate Drive, Harwick, PA 15049.Click HERE to read the required financial disclosure letter
6043	No Propaganda	 Geologically, McIntyre Hills features continuous area of canyons and rolling hills.McKenna Peak – 21,220 acres The McKenna Peak Proposed Wilderness area is a distinctive and stunning feature of Colorado's landscape. The vista boasts a photo-worthy sandstone peak that rises an impressive 2,000 feet directly above the plains
23784	Loaded Language	 I am committed to preserving our environment through investments in clean energy capabilities. I subscribe to the notion that if we make investments in the short term, we can ultimately make our energy use more efficient in the long term. My goal is to modernize our energy technology through research and development of new technologies so that we can continue to create and manufacture goods while reducing harmful pollution and saving consumers money
11764	No Propaganda	 Mrvan served on the House Committee on Education and Labor, where he advocated for all workers and labor organizations who are on the front lines of supporting our national economy and our national security.  Through his work on the House Appropriations Committee, Rep. Mrvan continues to support initiatives aimed at strengthening job training and workforce development initiatives, workplace safety, health benefits, and retirement security for workers
10171	No Propaganda	Congressman Jackson has been working to build an economy that prioritizes equitable growth and opportunity. He believes it is a duty to advance the economic interests and not the interests of billionaires. During his first term in office, he supported measures to fight inflation, raise the minimum wage, and support small businesses
12087	Loaded Language	 Studies have shown that immigrants create jobs, expand our tax base, and strengthen industries across America. That’s why I support:  Comprehensive immigration reform that boosts economic growth Stronger labor protections to prevent the exploitation of undocumented workers Holding employers accountable who pay workers under the table or skirt labor laws By modernizing our immigration system, we can eliminate workforce exploitation, ensure fair wages, and keep our economy thriving for all Americans. Welcoming Refugees & Asylum Seekers One of America’s greatest traditions is offering safety to those fleeing violence, oppression, and persecution
22612	No Propaganda	""" The virus that causes COVID-19 is a novel coronavirus.The following symptoms may appear 2-14 days after exposure.-Fever -Cough -Shortness of breath -Fatigue -Muscle or body aches -Headache -New loss of taste or smell -Congestion or runny nose -Nausea, vomiting or diarrheaThe best way to protect yourself and your community is to get vaccinated"""
6840	Loaded Language	""" Economic strength and job growth result from policies that unshackle job creators, allow American ingenuity, and provide certainty. I am fighting to reduce job-killing regulations and keep small businesses open.I support a full repeal of the """"death tax"""" as there is no reason to tax our ranchers and farmers again when they pass the family farm on to the next generation"""
5295	No Propaganda	 That is why I am working hard in Congress to provide critical financial support to small businesses, by opening the federal contracting system and increasing access to capital to help create new opportunities, grow existing businesses, and boost our economy.Increasing Support for New Entrepreneurs I am proud to partner with local agencies who support entrepreneurs in our community. Small Business Development Centers (SBDCs) are one of our nation's most invaluable resources for entrepreneurs learning how to plan, establish, and scale their small businesses
19488	Loaded Language	 Embassy officials and local human rights advocates. As a critical care physician, she’s trained to act in moments of crisis—and she continues to do so in defense of our constitutional rights. She is sounding the alarm on a broader constitutional crisis: the Trump administration is detaining children, arresting judges, and denying immigrants and legal residents their right to due process
19892	No Propaganda	"""Since taking office, we’ve delivered real results for constituents, including:Resolving more than 5,900 individual constituent casesHelping return over $11.4 million to families, seniors, and local organizationsAssisting residents with VA benefits, Social Security, Medicare, passports, immigration matters, and tax issuesEvery case is different, but our commitment is the same: to be responsive, accessible, and persistent until the problem is resolved.Contact usDelivering for our Communities Part of my work includes securing funding for local projects, and I’m focused on delivering federal resources that strengthen public safety, improve accessibility, and meet the needs of our communities"""
7176	No Propaganda	  Arapahoe County Veterans Affairs   Apply for VA Healthcare  Job Readiness & Employment Assistance   Home Loans  GI Bill Benefits  Help exiting homelessness    Fedshirevets.gov  Veterans’ Employment and Training Service  Rocky Mountain Regional VA Medical Center: Providing VA medical services including mental health care and Women's Veteran Program.   Medicare Savings Program   Lower Prescription Costs   mySocial Security Account   Contact your local office   Estimate Future Benefits   U
5482	Name Calling	I share hard working Americans' frustration with the Internal Revenue Service and our current convoluted tax code. I believe that Congress should encourage a full discussion and act on fundamental tax reform. Whether it is a flat income tax, a national sales tax or another idea, I will support a tax plan which provides fairness to the taxpayer and makes the system less complicated
16468	No Propaganda	"""954 - Chinese Research Funds Accounting Act H.R. 5760 – China Watcher Act H"""
22961	No Propaganda	"""17.12 | Video: Rep. Scott Participates in a Panel, titled """"Stop the Pipeline to Prison,"""" at Metropolitan African American Methodist Episcopal Church in Washington, DC09"""
4877	No Propaganda	  Investing in Main Street and Supporting EntrepreneursAn overwhelming majority of small businesses are turned away for conventional loans by banks, and only a tiny fraction receive third-party investments. This is why we rely on the SBA to help fill this gap in access to capital. Small Business Investment Companies, or SBICs, are SBA-backed institutions that provide both equity and debt investments to high-potential startups
9342	No Propaganda	Community Health CentersAdditionally, Congressman Bilirakis's Community CARE Act which reauthorized community health centers nationally for two years was included as part of the CHAMPIONING HEALTHY KIDS Act and signed into law. The Reauthorizing and Extending America's Community Health (or REACH) Act was also signed into law.  It  included a 4-year reauthorization of Community Health Centers - the longest in program history
17939	Loaded Language	 For this reason, I am ardently in favor of expanding school choice to give parents the freedom to choose the best educational path for their children. Whether you choose traditional district public schools, private schools, public charter schools, online schools, or homeschooling, every parent should have an active role in dictating the direction of their children’s education. Simply put, the quality of a child’s education should not be determined by their zip code or financial status
7940	No Propaganda	"""ctphilanthropy.org/ For more information about state and local funding, please contact your state and local representatives. You can find your state and local contact information by visiting the official State of Connecticut website: www"""
14410	No Propaganda	S. at the forefront of global 5G innovation, by encouraging the participation of trusted American companies in international standard-setting bodies. RobocallsAmericans received 3
13444	Loaded Language	""" We must meet this moment with a unified diplomatic, economic, and military strategy that both preserves American leadership and avoids the threat of war. The unique strength of our alliances, our economy, and our military provide an unparalleled opportunity to effectively do just that. At times like this, Congressional oversight over defense spending is more important than ever"""
15500	Name Calling	 I have also joined Montana’s Congressional delegation in signing letters to the Trump Administration to urge reversals of disastrous Biden-era policies like the EPA’s MATS rule which would provide regulatory relief for Colstrip.Energy dominance is essential for U.S
18080	No Propaganda	I've led the charge to advance national concealed carry reciprocity. I introduced the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act (H.R
4150	Loaded Language	 Rather than failing to meet the needs of important sectors of our economy such as agriculture, we can help these industries legally employ their workforce.By securing our borders and ensuring our laws are enforced, we can also regularize the status of those who currently live in the shadows to promote family unification and shared values like hard work and playing by the rules.Zoe is recognized as a long-time champion of reform
4547	No Propaganda	 His bill to strengthen this key program, the Teaching Health Centers Graduate Medical Education Extension Act, became law on December 27, 2020, as part of the Consolidated Appropriations Act 2021. Additionally, Dr. Ruiz secured $300 million for the teaching health center program in the American Rescue Plan, which included his bill, the Expanding Teaching Health Centers Act
14421	No Propaganda	  Congress has a role to play in ensuring future innovations can flourish free from undue interference, as the only way the federal government can keep pace with innovation is by promoting a light-touch regulatory approach that enables the digital economy to thrive.Legislation11/25/2025 – Sponsored: H.R
18180	Loaded Language	There is no denying that Climate Change and the rise in global temperatures results in extreme ecological changes. As a member of the Congressional Safe Climate Caucus, Congresswoman Adams is pushing for strong and proactive environmental policies that combat climate change, curb pollution, invest in renewable energy, and promote sustainable development solutions. She believes it's time to start investing in more renewable energy sources and develop new green technologies
17738	No Propaganda	""" 662 The Report and Educate About Campus Hazing (REACH) Act To amend Higher Education Act to require academic institutions to disclose hazing incidents.Note: The outlined legislation above was introduced during the 116th Congress."""
2967	Loaded Language	 The Affordable Care Act ended discrimination based on pre-existing conditions including HIV/AIDS, improved Medicare Part D for people participating in ADAP, and ended annual and lifetime caps on health benefits.More recently, Pelosi supported funding for the Ending the Epidemic Initiative targeting investment to reduce the number of new HIV infections in the United States by 75 percent by 2025, and then by at least 90 percent by 2030. In the last three appropriations funding bills, she helped secured over $1 billion in new funds for this initiative
15759	No Propaganda	"""Protecting Local Union Jobs Southern Nevada is the destination and entertainment capital of the world. But our tourism and entertainment offerings would be nothing without the hardworking union workers who make our 24/7 economy run. I’ll always stand up for the families our local economy relies on and make sure Nevada is a Union Strong state"""
4020	No Propaganda	 With this in mind, the efforts of Silicon Valley innovators and engineers will continue to play a key role in pioneering the new technologies that will help protect our environment.To that end, Zoe is committed to working with her colleagues in Congress to find solutions ensuring a clean and healthy environment capable of nurturing and supporting our families and future generations.Click here to learn more about Zoe's thoughts and latest work on Protecting our Environment
8669	No Propaganda	"""Traffic Updates During Emergencies: CALL (866) 511-3352Listen to your local officials for developments and instructions on evacuating, sheltering in place, and returning home. Governor Ron DeSantis Florida Division of Emergency Management (FDEM)Duval CountyNassau CountySt. Johns CountyNational Weather Service Jacksonville: (800) 499-1594 ext"""
13790	No Propaganda	 The amendment was included in the final House-passed version of the bill.To learn more about my legislative and voting record, please visit here.
23094	No Propaganda	 5, the Parents Bill of Rights Act, which would put practices in place to facilitate meaningful dialog between a family and their child's school and lead to more parental input throughout the learning process. I also supported H.R
7279	Loaded Language	 I served 12 years in the Army - including a combat deployment to the Middle East - the Colorado Army National Guard as a UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter pilot, and as an Arvada police officer. Military:After serving in the War on Terror, I strongly believe we can be doing more to strengthen our military. We must do more to deter our adversaries and partner with good actors
13826	No Propaganda	855 - Independent and Objective Oversight of Ukrainian Assistance Act02/28/2022 – Cosponsored: H.R.6742 - Never Yielding Europe’s Territory (NYET) Act of 202201/10/2022 – Cosponsored: H
2284	Loaded Language	""" The Congresswoman will continue to fight to ensure that our veterans have access to the highest quality healthcare. Congresswoman Matsui believes that providing mental health support to our nation’s veterans is of the utmost importance. To this end, she voted to pass the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans (Clay Hunt SAV) Act, H"""
23468	Loaded Language	"""This crisis has had a devastating effect on public health and safety in communities across the United States. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), drug overdose deaths now surpass traffic crashes in the number of deaths caused by injury in the U.S, with an average of 120 drug related deaths per day in 2014"""
11041	Loaded Language	"""Criminal Justice Reform As a defense attorney, I witnessed the inequities in our justice system firsthand. From mandatory minimums to the school-to-prison pipeline, the criminal justice system is one of many systems in our country that perpetuate cycles of inequity. There should not be separate justice systems for those born rich or white and another for those who are born Black or poor"""
18498	No Propaganda	 Also, in seeking solutions to ensure benefits for future generations, I would oppose risky “quick-fix” financial moves some favor that I believe would further undermine Social Security. Instead, I want to instill greater fiscal accountability for all federal spending while examining practical means of giving younger individuals more control over how the money they contribute to Social Security is spent.
22793	No Propaganda	09 | The New York Times | Op-Ed: Keeping the Faith, Ignoring the History02.06.09 | Virginian Pilot | Plan to fund faith-based programs stirs backlash02
3454	No Propaganda	R. 5723, the Social Security 2100 Act, to increase benefits for all recipients by about 2 percent; improve the annual COLA formula to better reflect the costs incurred by seniors; set the new minimum benefit at 25 percent above the poverty line and tie it to wage levels to ensure that the minimum benefit does not fall behind; improve benefits for widows and widowers in two-income households; repeal the Windfall Elimination Provision (WEP) and Government Pension Offset (GPO) that currently penalize many public servants; end the 5-month waiting period to receive disability benefits; provide caregiver credits to ensure that caregivers are not penalized in retirement for taking time out of the workforce to care for children or other dependents; extend benefits for students through age 22; and increase access to benefits for children who live with grandparents or other relatives. Presently, payroll taxes are not collected on wages over $142,800; this bill would apply the payroll tax to wages above $400,000, a provision that would only affect the top 0
2116	No Propaganda	R. 5668, the MODERN Labeling Act of 2020, out of the House of Representatives unanimously in November 2020. H
14105	Loaded Language	 I have introduced legislation, the Social Security and Medicare Lock-Box Act, which would protect future surpluses by creating a lockbox that prevents these funds from being spent on other federal programs.Promoting Medical Research and Life-Saving CuresGroundbreaking research and innovation are happening all around us, particularly in health care.  Unfortunately, existing government rules cannot keep pace with these scientific developments
9390	No Propaganda	Congressman Bilirakis was very encouraged to see the last Administration's dedication to lowering drug costs - exploring all options including registered drug importation from Canada. As we look ahead, Congressman Bilirakis believes we need to continue to do more on a bipartisan basis when it comes to lowering the price of prescription drugs without sacrificing access to the latest treatments and cures, and he is committed to continuing to work on this issue with his colleagues on both sides of the aisle and this current Administration to deliver for American patients.Additionally, Congressman Bilirakis is a member of numerous health care-related caucuses through which he advocates for many important causes, including the:Rare Disease Caucus (Co-Chairman)Congenital Heart Disease Caucus (Co-Chairman)Parkinson's Disease Caucus (Co-Chairman)Peripheral Artery Disease Caucus (C0-Chairman)Community Health Center CaucusBrain Injury Task ForceHealth Care Caucus;Prescription Drug Caucus;Congenital Heart Caucus;Cystic Fibrosis Caucus;Diabetes Caucus;Down Syndrome Caucus;Health Hearing Caucus;Vision Caucus;House Cancer Caucus; andPediatric Cancer Caucus
9133	Loaded Language	Despite the budgetary and fiscal climate, it is imperative the security and long-term success of the country is not sacrificed through arbitrary cuts to the military's budget. Our country is a beacon of liberty and freedom with interests across the globe, and there is no doubt non-state actors and foreign governments have interests that are hostile to those of the United States. The United States must stand ready and capable to respond to potential threats
15866	No Propaganda	"""Making Higher Education More Affordable My bipartisan Earn to Learn Act would establish a matched-savings program to help low-income students and adult learners pay for tuition, books, fees, and other education-related expenses. I’ve also introduced the Pell Grant Sustainability Act to ensure the Pell Grants' value keeps pace with costs."""
17427	Name Calling	FIGHTING TO END GUN VIOLENCEOur country has too many politicians who only send “thoughts and prayers” every time we lose another life to the gun violence epidemic. Enough. I’ve heard from countless kids and parents across the Hudson Valley who face the constant anxiety of whether they will be safe each day at school
6429	No Propaganda	R. 2.I passed an amendment through the House that redirected funding to CBP fentanyl detection at Border Patrol Checkpoints to prevent fentanyl from entering America
6857	Loaded Language	Too many programs get tax dollars by going around the law and not going through the established appropriations’ authorization process. The status quo needs to change, and Congress needs to get back to regular order.  Under regular order, Congress passes a budget resolution that caps spending levels and then reviews each federal program’s effectiveness annually through 12 different appropriations bills that are passed through both Houses
17489	No Propaganda	A.R.E
5175	No Propaganda	 I am proud of the work I did in the Ways and Means Committee to prohibit health insurance companies from charging women higher health insurance premiums than men. The committee that I sit on, the Ways and Means Committee, is very active on health care issues. Ways and Means is the chief tax-writing committee in the House of Representatives and has jurisdiction over Medicare, Social Security, and social service programs
8265	Loaded Language	..] which will negatively impact families that have worked for, and earned, strong healthcare coverage
17650	No Propaganda	""" 1752 COOL OFF Act To require three-day waiting period before a person may receive a gun after making a purchase. H.R"""
11989	No Propaganda	 Improving Access to Nutritious Foods – Food Deserts Act Access to nutritious food should be a necessity, not a luxury. Yet today, too many people across Indianapolis and our country struggle to find the healthy food they need. More and more supermarkets are closing their doors, and public transportation is often located a mile or more away
21157	No Propaganda	 Memphis has seen the benefits to our public health framework as millions of dollars in federal grant funding have been invested in our community health centers. He continues to strongly believe in the benefits of the Affordable Care Act and to fight against the removal of health insurance for millions of Americans. Affordable health care should be a right, not a privilege
14669	Loaded Language	 We must do more to ensure that small business owners have the resources and support they need – not only to keep the lights on but to continue growing and expanding to serve as the economic engines of our local communities. That’s why I’ve spent the past two years working hand-in-hand with many of our small business owners to identify and enact solutions that would help to strengthen our economy and create the pro-business climate we need to support Minnesota. In the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic, I helped establish the Paycheck Protection Program and led the charge in Washington to establish and fully fund the Restaurant Revitalization Fund, which has kept so many of our favorite bars and restaurants afloat
10126	No Propaganda	""" By augmenting its marked vehicle fleet, the GPD will ensure a more reliable and efficient response to daily safety and emergency incidents, mitigating potential shortcomings and enhancing community safety. Committee has the opportunity with this project to vastly improve Guam's law enforcement apparatus. See attachment for Nexus Letter & Financial Disclosure:"""
16979	Loaded Language	Reproductive rights are human rights. Congressman Goldman will always fight to restore abortion rights through legislation such as the Women’s Health Protection Act. As reproductive freedoms remain under attack across the country, Goldman is fighting to expand access to abortion care, reproductive health care, contraceptives, and other family planning services for all
18327	No Propaganda	 We are blessed to have farmers who are the best stewards of the land and the best caretakers of their animals. Ohio's Second Congressional District is home to over 10,000 farms, with family farms making up 96% of them. This means that by supporting our agriculture industry, Congress will support our rural families and enable them to thrive
8391	No Propaganda	 At the same time, our infrastructure, the lifeblood of any economy, is crumbling with the American Society of Civil Engineers noting that, among other things, 35% of Connecticut’s bridges are structurally deficient or functionally obsolete, 47% of our major roads are in poor or mediocre condition, and we need an investment of $653 million over the next 20 years in our drinking water infrastructure.Rosa’s plan aims to create jobs now and well into the future; preserves existing jobs and prevents unjust barriers to employment; builds the foundations for long-term growth by rebuilding our infrastructure and reviving the manufacturing sector; and helps working families to ensure they get the pay and benefits they deserve. Support for small businesses, innovative research and education is critical to creating jobs
8071	No Propaganda	"""gov/Business/DisasterInformation/DeterioratingResidentialConcreteFoundations To view the IRS PowerPoint presentation from the February 10th 2020 webinar, click here. /sites/evo-subsites/courtney-evo.house"""
23672	No Propaganda	S. international affairs. I support increasing the number of refugees who are resettled in the U
15885	No Propaganda	"""Demanding Equal Pay for Equal Work Generations of women have fought for their rights in the workplace and finally closing the wage gap that has been present for all of our history is critical. That’s why I was a proud cosponsor of the Paycheck Fairness Act that passed the House in April 2021 to eliminate wage discrimination and force transparency about salary disparities. I also helped pass the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act to put forth explicit, unwavering rights for pregnant workers and support women’s ability to work and start a family"""
11016	Name Calling	 This Congress, I re-introduced the Supreme Court Ethics, Recusal, and Transparency Act with Representative Johnson, which would require the United States Supreme Court to develop an ethics code for justices and strengthen recusal standards where judges and justices have conflicts of interest. By taking action now, we can restore Americans’ faith in government and prove to the public that we are worthy of the responsibility they have entrusted us with. Increasing transparency and accountability in government is not only the key to increasing public trust; it is the key to improving the government
16372	No Propaganda	Secured millions of dollars in grants to elevate health care standards in Tribal and rural areas.Supported upgrading public water systems in rural areas for improved safety by pushing for the Water Infrastructure Enhancement Act, Clean Water Actand FLOW Act. Working to bring more doctors and nurses to New Mexico to ensure access to critical care
5361	Appeal to Fear	"""  As the world’s lone superpower, stepping back from international affairs only emboldens authoritarian regimes to fill that void. The resources we put towards the defense of our nation tells the rest of the world more about our country than any strategy or policy could hope to do. I intend to send clear messages about our priorities through the annual Defense Appropriations Act"""
6500	Loaded Language	I stood up for rural healthcare and helped Delta Health secure Sole Community Hospital Provider Status. This designation will help stabilize drug prices, allow Delta Health to remain independent, and secure more healthcare infrastructure for the community.I led 14 Members of Congress in a letter blasting the Federal Aviation Administration and the National Park Service for proposing new management plans that would kill jobs, harm tourism, and inhibit wildfire response
4698	No Propaganda	 We need to fully fund education programs, give our teachers and students the resources they need, ensure our schools are environments for learning, while guaranteeing equal opportunity for all students—from pre-K through college and beyond.Early Childhood EducationInvestments in early education, when a child’s brain is rapidly developing, can lead to better academic and personal achievement lasting a lifetime. And they give every child a level playing field with equal chances for a healthy, successful life
13688	No Propaganda	 The legislation was signed into law on December 16, 2014.Combating Human Trafficking: In September 2013, I introduced HR 3081 which assists the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC) in their ability to help law enforcement agencies and first responders identify, locate, and recover victims of child sex trafficking.  H
16955	No Propaganda	""" From traveling to the Island to assess the damage to demanding an immediate supplemental funding package, to calling for a more robust and effective response from the Trump Administration, she is urging Washington to provide swift and sustainable relief aid.For a list of the relief efforts the Congresswoman is supporting, please click here. The Congresswoman in Sunset Park, Brooklyn organizing relief aid for Hurricane Maria victims"""
20332	No Propaganda	Prior to being elected to Congress, I spent 28 years as a therapist, rehabilitation services manager and a licensed nursing home administrator. As a result, I've learned firsthand the importance of access to quality healthcare in rural communities and have become a strong advocate for increased access, affordability, quality of care, and patient choice. I came to Washington to help address the many challenges we face in healthcare and advance these same principles
8276	No Propaganda	R. 748 is an important opportunity for Congress to support high-quality health care and the employers that provide it. In recent years, deductibles in ESI plans have risen considerably while costs have continued to grow
4362	Loaded Language	""" That means no out-of-pocket cost for vaccines to prevent shingles, tetanus, hepatitis, COVID-19, and flu. Protections Against Prescription Price Hikes - Starting this month, if a drug company raises the price of a Medicare Part D prescription by more than the rate of inflation, the manufacturer will have to pay the difference in price back to Medicare.  That means more money for Medicare to cover costs — savings that will be passed onto seniors"""
4555	Loaded Language	“Immigrants are making tremendous contributions to our economy and military here in our region. As the son of immigrants, I’ve worked across party lines for bipartisan immigration solutions that secure our border, protect workers and business, and include an earned pathway to citizenship for families and Dreamers who are working and contributing to our country.”- Congressman Raul Ruiz, M
12999	No Propaganda	R. 842, the  Nancy Gardner Sewell Medicare Multi-Cancer Early Detection Screening Coverage Act, covers early detection cancer screenings for Medicaid recipients, so that people can catch cancer early and can make informed decisions about their health care.H
13989	Loaded Language	 The rhetoric and the aggressive actions by North Korea are unacceptable and the United States must take every action to work with our foreign partners and put tremendous economic pressure on the Kim regime to deter them from their nuclear weapons ambitions and undermine global security.  United Nations AccountabilityI remain concerned about the efficiency and effectiveness of the United Nations (UN) system. In the past, I have cosponsored legislation that would give the U
14086	Loaded Language	Fighting the Opioid EpidemicCombating the opioid crisis is a leading priority for me and my colleagues in Congress and requires an all-hands-on-deck response. In June 2018, the House passed H.R
19371	Loaded Language	 In our nation, diversity makes us stronger. With that strength we must summon our collective humanity to provide a place for refugees, many of whom are women and children, fleeing war and terrorism.
7218	No Propaganda	 There’s not single path that’s right for everyone. I support policies that promote and expand access to career technical pathways that provide low cost options to graduating high school seniors and support our local economy.Finally, I will fight to empower families by breaking down barriers and improving transparency to protect parental rights
20328	No Propaganda	C. office at (202) 225-5121.DownloadsWhat is the Farm Bill?Summary Document for Forest Products Fairness Act
11242	Appeal to Fear	Heat Pump Clothes Dryer (Up to $840)Heat pump clothes dryers sends air through an evaporator that will remove moisture, rather than releasing humid air through a traditional dryer vent.Upgraded Electric Panels (Up to $4,000)Inefficient or outdated electric panels cannot supply power to new appliances when existing circuits cannot handle the additional load. Upgrading electric panels, especially in older homes, would greatly reduce the risk of electrical fires due to an overload and allow for the system to work more efficiently
13494	Loaded Language	 The majority of immigrants make our country better, stronger, and more competitive every day. That’s why I am such a proud supporter of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival (DACA) program and the DREAM Act to provide them with a clear pathway to citizenship. We need people of all skill levels to fill vacant jobs and keep our economy heading in the right direction
6877	No Propaganda	 I cosponsored the Telehealth Expansion Act, legislation that would make a waiver permanent to allow for increased coverage and expansion of telehealth.I introduced H.R
21775	Loaded Language	For too long, our healthcare system has focused on treating chronic illness instead of preventing it. That’s why we support the MAHA Commission as it works to uncover the root causes of chronic disease and address them directly. We are committed to protecting and strengthening Medicare and Medicaid by cutting waste, fraud, and abuse so these programs serve those who truly need them—our seniors and the most vulnerable—not able-bodied adults or illegal immigrants
13932	No Propaganda	 I have led efforts in Congress, including the Choice in Automobile Retail Sales (CARS Act), to prevent the implementation of electric vehicle mandates and ensure that Americans can choose the vehicle that is best suited for their unique needs. I am committed to advancing policies that uphold consumer choice for families across Michigan.Develop and Promote Alternative FuelsWe need to promote a healthier environment and spur the development and deployment of clean energy infrastructure without the ‘pie-in-the-sky' mandates, regulations, and massive federal government spending
23542	No Propaganda	 Five key provisions of the law came into effect at the start of 2014: the individual mandate; pre-existing condition coverage; employer mandate; subsidies; and online health insurance exchanges.  Further, the law enhanced the quality of healthcare for those on Medicare and disallowed health insurance providers from denying individuals coverage based on preexisting conditions. It closed the Medicare drug coverage gap known as the “donut hole” and allowed recent college graduates to remain on their parent’s health insurance plan
15669	Appeal to Fear	"""However, I think everyone can agree that we must reform the Medicare program because will reach insolvency by 2026. We must reform the Medicare program because it is not solvent in its current form and it will reach insolvency by 2026. However, we also must be sure to keep our promises to those current beneficiaries and those nearing eligibility that have planned their health care needs in retirement around it"""
18620	No Propaganda	""" If you don't have insurance that qualifies as minimum essential coverage, you may have to pay a fee when you file your taxes. You do not need to sign up if you care covered by Medicare, Medicaid for Elderly, Blind or Disabled, the VA health program, or a good and affordable insurance through your job or your spouse's job. Young adults can stay on their parents' insurance until they turn 26, but they can also go to the Marketplace to see if they can get a less expensive insurance"""
5859	Appeal to Fear	 Getting Assault Weapons Off Our StreetsRep. DeGette is also a lead sponsor of legislation to reinstate a nationwide ban on military-style assault weapons, such as the AR-15, which have consistently been used to perpetrate some of the nation's deadliest mass shootings. The legislation, which DeGette first sponsored in the wake of the horrific shooting that took place at Columbine High School, in her district, in 1999, was approved by the U
1599	Loaded Language	 One of these pieces of legislation passed through the House of Representatives last Congress: The Agent Raul Gonzalez Officer Safety Act (H.R. 5585) to impose a life sentence on migrants and human smugglers who engage in high-speed car chases with law enforcement officers
18562	No Propaganda	 Our nation has crushing infrastructure needs, including our parks, trails, forests and waterways. We can address unemployment by putting people to work rebuilding our infrastructure.
21501	No Propaganda	""" This letter called on the VA to investigate the incident and immediately terminate the employee responsible for this horrific attack.  Every veteran who walks through the doors of a VA facility should be treated with the utmost respect worthy of their service to our country.During the COVID-19 pandemic, Congressman Roy:Introduced the """"Forgotten Vietnam Veterans Act"""" that was signed into law by President Trump"""
12599	Loaded Language	Democracy for All Constitutional Amendment: Corporations aren’t people. This constitutional amendment would overturn the Citizens United decision, distinguishing between corporations and real people, and limiting corporate spending in elections. The amendment would also enact federal public campaign financing — just like we have in Maine
11998	Appeal to Fear	 Encouraging Physical Fitness Today, obesity rates are dangerously high and continue to rise, with over 30% of adults and 17% of children considered obese. Studies have shown that obesity results in rising healthcare costs, reduced productivity at work, and less effective learning in school. The promotion of exercise and physical activity has never been more important in public policy
1748	No Propaganda	EducationI strongly believe that every child should have access to a quality education. Providing a first-rate education for America's youth is one of the most important responsibilities of parents, local school boards, states, and, to a degree, the federal government.For over forty-five years, the federal government's role in education has been expanding, yet it has repeatedly failed to improve the outcome for our students
21345	Loaded Language	I also sponsored the TCJA Permanency Act, legislation to keep more money in Americans' wallets by making permanent the tax cuts for families and small businesses enacted in 2017.Inflation is a tax on all Americans. I will continue working to ensure taxpayers' hard-earned dollars are spent wisely and cast votes in favor of economic opportunity and American job growth
23451	No Propaganda	""" While the vast majority of law enforcement officers in our country operate with the highest degree of professionalism and without bias, the specter of racial profiling has greatly impacted relationships with some communities of color. It is critical that we address the underlying issues that have created such divides. It is for that reason that I have cosponsored legislation that would establish pilot grant programs through the Department of Justice (DOJ) using existing funding to assist state, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies with the costs of purchasing or leasing Body Worn Cameras (BWCs)"""
5040	No Propaganda	 To address climate change, the world came together under the Paris Agreement in an effort to limit the increase in global temperatures to less than two degrees Celsius and avoid the most disastrous impacts of climate change. The United States joined the Paris Agreement on April 22, 2016, and the agreement went into force less than 6 months later. One of Donald Trump’s first actions upon returning to the White House in 2025 was to again withdraw the United States from the Paris Agreement, just as he did in 2017
2951	No Propaganda	As Democratic Leader, Pelosi supported President Bush's bilateral PEPFAR (President's Emergency Plan For AIDS Relief) initiative. During her first two terms as Speaker of the House, working with Presidents Bush and Obama, she successfully fought to more than double bilateral funding for global AIDS, increasing the U.S
16162	Appeal to Fear	 An oil spill would have devastating effects on New Jersey's coastal economy and environment. He has introduced the COAST Anti-Drilling Act, which would permanently ban offshore drilling in the Atlantic. He also has introduced the BEACH Act, which would impose new water quality testing and public notification standards so beachgoers are better protected and informed about the safety of their beaches
7278	No Propaganda	 My Grandpa Chavez gained his American citizenship by serving in World War II. I served 12 years in the Army - including a combat deployment to the Middle East - the Colorado Army National Guard as a UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter pilot, and as an Arvada police officer. Military:After serving in the War on Terror, I strongly believe we can be doing more to strengthen our military
20719	No Propaganda	 Our roads, bridges, airports, ports, and waterways are all vital to our state’s economy. Without flowing highways, tourists can’t make it to the coast. Without the Port of Charleston, the hard work of countless entrepreneurs and workers never reaches global markets
23500	No Propaganda	 Bills such as the Rebuild America’s Schools Act would make a $100 billion investment in upgrading America’s schools. Because federal resources can only be used for school repair costs in cases of disaster, investments in public school construction and maintenance has dwindled, leaving many students without safe and healthy school facilities. I am also an advocate of programs that help prepare students for their next steps after high school such as the TRIO program, which helps students from disadvantaged backgrounds to prepare for and excel in college
15011	No Propaganda	 Congressman Thompson is and has been a consistent supporter of our armed fighting forces and veterans, making sure that these 22.6 million heroes get the services they deserve. Congressman Thompson is committed to ensuring that Veterans are provided the very best services
10143	No Propaganda	, Tamuning, Guam, 96913Amount: $1,993,772.40Justification:Guam Memorial Hospital Authority (GMHA), the only public acute care hospital in the U.S
13898	Name Calling	 Unfortunately, many of the policies of President Biden's administration such as canceling the Keystone XL pipeline, suspending new oil and gas leases on federal land and water, and green lighting the Russian Nord Stream 2 pipeline threatened America's energy security, reliability, and affordability.While President Trump has started to reverse course and promote domestic energy production, we need to continue utilizing our nation's abundance of energy resources. At the same time, we must unleash innovation in clean energy technologies, which will keep prices affordable for Michigan families, enhance our national security, and boost domestic manufacturing
12183	No Propaganda	 Fixing this problem begins with workforce development. I will continue to focus on closing the skills gap that holds back our workforce and hinders business growth through a renewed focus on technical education and post-secondary credentials. This will put more Americans to work and keep our 21st-Century economy competitive and growing
20331	No Propaganda	Health issues affect us all and determining the best means of addressing them is an important part of my work in Congress.Prior to being elected to Congress, I spent 28 years as a therapist, rehabilitation services manager and a licensed nursing home administrator. As a result, I've learned firsthand the importance of access to quality healthcare in rural communities and have become a strong advocate for increased access, affordability, quality of care, and patient choice
1414	No Propaganda	 With the enactment of the Medicare Part D prescription drug program, more people are taking advantage of the many benefits such as lower prices and greater choices that are being offered.With increasing premiums, higher costs of living, and skyrocketing drug prices, the Administration needs to compromise with Congress on real-life, affordable options provided by the private sector has to work to ensure our senior citizens and future generations do not have to choose between buying groceries and prescription drugs.I opposed the President's healthcare bill, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA), also known as Obamacare
23358	No Propaganda	""" Voting Rights Since its passage in 1965, the Voting Rights Act (VRA) has served as a benchmark to ensure all Americans’ voices are heard at the ballot box.  But on June 25, 2013, the Supreme Court invalidated Section Four of the VRA, a provision that protects voting rights in nine states that historically have had discriminatory voting practices. The Supreme Court found that Section Four had an outdated formula that placed undue and outdated federal burden on the nine states"""
6927	No Propaganda	 The Founding Fathers understood this, which is why they were careful to create a limited government that left the majority of the power to the states and to the people through the Tenth Amendment.The Constitution is the greatest governing document in history, and I support an originalist interpretation of the text. The Founders included the separation of powers and a system of checks and balances to protect against tyranny
17326	No Propaganda	"""I also fought tooth and nail for federal funding for initiatives that will create more housing in communities that have been hit hard by the housing crisis. I’m proud that I secured $1 million for the Rumshock Veterans Foundation’s Veterans Village Project to build a community of ten homes for veterans in Port Jervis and $1 million for the Chester Agricultural Center to construct housing for its farmworkers. I’ll keep fighting to make housing more affordable in the Hudson Valley because no family should have to pick between putting food on the table, having a roof over their heads, or paying medical bills"""
2428	No Propaganda	978, Clean and Efficient Cars Act of 2019, to restore the Obama-era tailpipe emission and fuel economy standards rollback by the Trump Administration.In March 2021, she led a letter with 70 of her colleagues urging the Biden Administration to take action to reinstate California’s Clean Air Act waiver and restore the Obama-Biden tailpipe emission and fuel economy standardsIn July of 2021, she led a letter a follow up letter with 130+ of her colleagues to reiterate the importance of reinstating the California authority to set its own vehicle emission standardsIn October of 2021 she led a letter to President Biden urging his Administration to adopt the strongest proposal for new tailpipe emission standards. The new tailpipe emissions rule announced in December of 2021 incorporated many of the policies that the Congresswoman had urged for over the past years
7602	No Propaganda	  Creates Energy Savings for Consumers: Provides billions of dollars in rebates and tax credits for consumers to take action to lower their energy costs, including for energy efficient appliances, rooftop solar and other residential power generation, and new and used electric vehicles. Invests in Cleaner Communities – Including: $1 billion to make affordable housing more energy efficient, $3 billion to reconnect divided communities, like Hartford’s 84/91 Interchange, $3 billion for Environmental and Climate Justice Block Grants to invest in projects that address environmental and public health harms, $1 billion for clean heavy-duty vehicles, like school and transit buses and garbage trucks. The Coalition for Green Capital, which includes the Connecticut Greenbank, was the recipient of a $5 billion grant to foster public-private construction of green infrastructure, projects that will be funded by the Greenhouse Gas Reduction Fund
2170	Appeal to Fear	Located at the confluence of the Sacramento and American Rivers, Sacramento and West Sacramento face a constant threat of flooding. With the major floods of 1986 and 1997, the Sacramento region understands the importance of a modern, system-wide approach to flood control. Throughout her time in Congress, Congresswoman Matsui has continuously advocated for federal resources to minimize our risk of flooding, which includes maintaining and strengthening the region’s levee and dam system while taking a wider, watershed approach to managing high-water events
16861	No Propaganda	 I am proud to represent one of the most diverse districts in the country in Queens, New York. Every day, I witness the dedication, commitment, and work of our immigrant communities. As the daughter of first-generation immigrants, I understand firsthand the everyday struggles immigrants face as parents strive to provide a better life for themselves and their children
8762	No Propaganda	R. 2213, bipartisan legislation to permanently extend the work opportunity tax credit.Advocated for the bipartisan New Markets Tax Credit Extension Act of 2019, which would spur increased investments in underdeveloped markets
21431	Name Calling	""" Citizenship Act – saying it is """"dead on arrival"""" and a """"sop to the radical left""""Called the Biden Admin and Democrats out in a press conference for not giving """"a whit"""" about immigrants but just wanting """"political benefits for the Democratic party.""""For more information concerning work and views related to Congress, please contact our office."""
16392	No Propaganda	5 million for Los Alamos and $2.26 million for Sandia National Laboratories under the National Nuclear Security AdministrationUrged the Secretary of the Air Force to protect nearly 7K jobs at Holloman Air Force. Demanded answers on ways to support the workforce in NM to grow the Defense Industrial Base during a committee hearing
4795	No Propaganda	 The POWER Act would change that. My bill allows worker protection agencies to require the Department of Homeland Security to provide immigrants with temporary lawful status and an employment authorization if they have filed a workplace claim against an unscrupulous employer.Border PolicyOur border policies are in desperate need of reform to ensure that our immigration system is working in the most effective and humane way possible
13544	Appeal to Fear	 If Asian carp establish populations in the Great Lakes, they will devastate the region's fishing and boating industries. The Army Corps of Engineers must act quickly to take the necessary steps to protect our Great Lakes.I strongly support the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative (GLRI)
9206	Appeal to Fear	 There are currently only two east/west routes that can evacuate our coastal residents inland during a storm. Even worse, one of those routes is prone to flooding and can bottleneck to one lane during a storm. This is dangerous and unacceptable
13812	No Propaganda	 This legislation improves the quality of life for the men and women in uniform by authorizing a 14.5% pay increase for junior enlisted servicemembers and provides the funding needed to protect the United States’ security interests including by deterring foreign adversaries like China. The NDAA also strengthens our border security by funding the deployment of the National Guard to the southern border to combat the influx of illegal immigrants and includes an amendment I authored requiring the Secretary of Defense to provide Congress with a briefing on the instances in which an illegal immigrant attempted to enter a military installation or facility in the U
13397	No Propaganda	""" Airstrikes on Iran-Backed Houthis in YemenDecember 18, 2023: Democratic Veterans Call for Change in Israel’s Gaza StrategyDecember 14, 2023: Vote Explainer: Condemning Antisemitism on University campusesDecember 11, 2023: Statements on Campus Antisemitism and Harvard UniversityDecember 7, 2023: Moulton Leads Letter Expressing Concern with Israeli Military’s Actions in GazaDecember 6, 2023: Statement on Harvard President's Congressional Testimony on Campus AntisemitismDecember 6, 2023: Vote Explainer – Condemning AntisemitismNovember 28, 2023: Moulton Statement on Israeli Hostage ReleasesNovember 8, 2023: Vote Explainer - The Censure of Rep. TlaibNovember 3, 2023: Moulton Calls for Civilian Evacuation & Surge of Humanitarian Aid into GazaOctober 9, 2023: Statement on Harvard Student Group Letter Blaming Israel for Hamas Terror AttackOctober 7, 2023: Statement on the Attacks Against IsraelNewsletter:A Note on Israel and GazaOp-Eds: CNN: """"Netanyahu Needs an End Game"""" (Oct. 19)TIME: """"The Lesson Israel Must Learn From Americaâs Fight in Fallujah"""" (Dec"""
10637	Loaded Language	 But discriminatory and exclusionary housing policies and an unaffordable and inaccessible housing market have made it far too difficult for many to achieve the dream of homeownership. A co-sponsor of the Original Fair Housing Resolution, the Housing for All Act, and the Housing Crisis Response Act, Congresswoman Ramirez is a champion for policies and programs that give Americans the opportunity to set roots in a place they can call their own.
1593	No Propaganda	 Watch me speak in support of my bill, the End the Border Catastrophe Act here. I visited a remote portion of the border near Sasabe, AZ with Senator James Lankford here.  In October 2024, I was honored to receive inaugural Border Guardian Award by the Border Security Alliance for my efforts and leadership on border security issues
10014	Loaded Language	 Safeguarding Women’s Sports: As an athlete myself, I understand the time, dedication, discipline, and commitment that it takes to exceed in any sport, for both men and women. I believe strongly in preserving a level playing field for female athletes, and it is unacceptable when biological males are allowed to compete in female-only athletic events. This undermines the hard work and achievements of our outstanding female athletes, and I am determined to bring an end to these unfair, unscientific, and dangerous rules
6307	No Propaganda	In multiple legislative provisions signed into law, I secured $160 million to fund the Iron Dome, the air defense system of our key national security ally, Israel.In multiple legislative provisions signed into law, I secured $160 million into federal law to fund the Arrow Weapon System, the missile defense system of our key national security ally, Israel.I secured $7 million into federal law for the Farm Service Agency’s Grassroots Source Water Protection Program
9323	No Propaganda	 It is more important than ever for leaders at the federal, state and local levels to be working together to coordinate resources and strategy.The Ensuring Access to Quality Sober Living Act, which Congressman Bilirakis authored, was signed into law. It established quality standards for providers offering treatment during this important phase of recovery
4115	No Propaganda	Information for Small Businesses: Covered California makes affordable health coverage available to small-business employers and their employees. Visit the Covered California for Small Business [http://www.coveredca
1516	Loaded Language	 It’s time to put money back in the pockets of American families and workers and right-size wasteful government spending.  Responsible stewardship of public funds is crucial to maintaining America’s financial stability and ensuring a prosperous future for our children.
5173	No Propaganda	Quality, accessible, affordable health care should be a right, not just a privilege reserved for the wealthy few. Thanks to the Affordable Care Act (ACA), we've made this fundamental right a reality. I am proud of the work I did in the Ways and Means Committee to prohibit health insurance companies from charging women higher health insurance premiums than men
1905	No Propaganda	 We must be prepared for the next disaster. I strongly support resiliency investments and am working hard to ensure citizens in our district and across the country can protect their homes, which is often their most valuable asset. I have introduced legislation that would provide a tax credit to homeowners who invest in disaster mitigation activities to protect their homes to make these protective measures more affordable
5428	No Propaganda	""" 319) which would do just that and help cut off the job magnet that draws people here illegally. I also believe that to truly secure our homeland, we must stop the flow of illicit narcotics into our communities. Fentanyl, in particular, is especially deadly and is being trafficked across our southern border every day"""
5857	No Propaganda	 DeGette has sponsored several key pieces of legislation aimed at preventing gun violence in our communities – including the Bipartisan Background Checks Act and the Enhanced Background Checks Act. These two critical bills would help strengthening our nation's system of background check that were included in the Bipartisan Safer Communities Act President Biden signed into law in 2022. Getting Assault Weapons Off Our StreetsRep
20177	No Propaganda	Increase Recreation and Tourism: As a former healthcare professional and Boy Scout Leader, I encourage the many benefits of outdoor recreation and physical activity. In Pennsylvania's 15th Congressional District, we are blessed with an abundance of lands that can cater to some of the best outdoor experiences in the state. The ANF offers year-round activities such as camping, fishing, boating, hiking, biking, ATVing and snowmobiling
4519	No Propaganda	 He has authored key legislation, like the Renewable Energy Jobs Act, to create opportunities for local students and workers to enter our Southern California renewable energy industry. He has also been at the forefront of driving federal investments to the Salton Sea, where a massive supply of lithium holds the potential to transform our region into a global leader in clean energy production.Advocating for Environmental JusticeDr
7131	Loaded Language	 He knows what it's like to put in a hard day's work and still not be able to make ends meet.Now Jason is working to build the clean energy economy to create good-paying jobs while mitigating some of the worst effects of climate change, expand access to entrepreneurial and small business resources in underserved areas, and build a talented workforce so everyone has the opportunity to get ahead and stay ahead.
19467	Loaded Language	The climate crisis is an existential threat. Oregonians know all too well how climate-fueled disasters—from deadly wildfires to extreme freezes—can wreak havoc on our communities. As a lung and critical care doctor, Congresswoman Maxine Dexter has seen firsthand how climate change and poor air quality impact our health and well-being
15350	No Propaganda	The Fed initially cut its discount rate for loans, extended credit to banks, and brought down the interest rate for depository institutions. When this wasn't enough, the Fed took extraordinary steps to provide emergency funds directly to institutions and foreign central banks that desperately needed it. The severity of the crisis and its impact on millions of Americans also forced the Fed to enter unchartered territory, engaging in large-scale financial asset purchases that lowered long-term interest rates
17091	No Propaganda	Congressmember Espaillat recognizes the great importance of ensuring that the American people have access to clean air and clean water, and will oppose any attempts to roll back provisions in the Clean Air and Water Acts, as well as through other legislative vehicles. He will focus on implementing policies that promote and protect a healthy environment, which is important to the public health of all Americans, while also preserving our nation's diverse set of unique and cherished ecosystems.National Parks and Public LandsProtecting our national parks and public lands is important to Congressmember Espaillat
4905	Loaded Language	That is why I was so excited to vote in favor of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, also known as the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law. This legislation will ultimately invest $1.2 trillion to rebuild roads, bridges, and public transit, expand access to clean drinking water, advance environmental justice, and invest in historically under-resourced communities
14500	Loaded Language	 It is imperative we ensure veterans’ benefits are keeping pace with the skyrocketing inflation plaguing our economy.These are just some of the many issues Congress is working on to ensure we keep the promises we made to the selfless men and women in uniform.For more information on what resources are available to veterans, please visit the Veterans section of my Constituent Services page
5483	No Propaganda	 I believe that Congress should encourage a full discussion and act on fundamental tax reform. Whether it is a flat income tax, a national sales tax or another idea, I will support a tax plan which provides fairness to the taxpayer and makes the system less complicated.I have consistently voted for lower taxes, and will continue to do so
6455	No Propaganda	 Gas is nearly $4 a gallon again and Americans are paying more for everything because of Biden and Pelosi's inflation. I am working to reduce inflation by voting against reckless spending bills, cutting wasteful spending through the amendment process, supporting American energy production, voting against raising the debt ceiling, opposing tax increases, and introducing a Balanced Budget Amendment to the Constitution. Economic strength and job growth result from policies that unshackle job creators, allow American ingenuity, and provide certainty
23201	No Propaganda	""" I believe in an """"all-of-the-above"""" approach to energy production, including hydropower, wind, solar, nuclear, natural gas, and oil, to ensure reliable, safe, and affordable power. I oppose carbon taxes and cap-and-trade programs, since they increase costs without delivering significant benefits."""
5286	No Propaganda	 The ACA makes Medicare stronger by adding new benefits, fighting fraud, and improving care for patients. And we're already seeing results: So far, 8.2 million seniors have saved more than $11
15643	No Propaganda	"""I'll continue to work with the support of my western colleagues to pass legislation to help Nevada leverage its vast public lands, while preserving our unique landscape and way of life. In these efforts, I am always cognizant of the importance of water rights and multi-use access. Common sense federal solutions to our public land designations are possible, but local communities must have a seat at the table to overcome the """"Washington knows best"""" mentality that routinely ignores the best interests of local stakeholders"""
14921	No Propaganda	 Office of Special Council: https://www.osc.gov/The U
14161	No Propaganda	Cutting the Red-Tape for Legal ImmigrationImmigrants who want to join our citizenry should be encouraged and assisted in doing so the same way millions of immigrants have legally done so for generations. We need to create a work permit program that eliminates bureaucratic red-tape and meets the evolving needs of economy, especially our agricultural, educational, and technological sectors. Right now, almost half of the undocumented population are visa overstays, which highlights the difficulty in renewing work visas
12028	No Propaganda	S. strategy in Palestine and Israel that prioritizes: A just and lasting peace through a two-state solution An end to the humanitarian crisis in Gaza Equal rights, dignity, and security for both Israelis and Palestinians After October 7, 2023, Congressman Carson has taken the following actions: Introduced the UNRWA funding Emergency Restoration Act to restore humanitarian aid to Gaza through the United Nations Relief and Works Agency. Signed a letter to President Biden and Secretary of State Blinken expressing concerns on the unfolding humanitarian situation in Gaza
18834	No Propaganda	 190: The Produce the Note Act. Congresswoman Kaptur's bill prohibits foreclosure proceedings unless the person commencing the foreclosure can identify the actual holder of the mortgage note to the satisfaction of the court. The bill also requires the person commencing the foreclosure to notify the mortgagor, in writing, not less than five days before any foreclosure action is begun
19480	No Propaganda	 She forced a vote in the House to expose the SAVE Act, legislation that would disenfranchise millions of married women, seniors, and those a part of marginalized communities.  She helped reintroduce the John R. Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act, over 60 years after John Lewis and hundreds of civil rights heroes put their lives on the line in Selma, Alabama
13914	Loaded Language	As we are updating and modernizing our grid, we need to make sure that it is also as secure and resilient as possible. Our nation's electric infrastructure faces myriad threats every day both physical and cyber. Whether it's power outages in Texas and California due to weather events, or foreign adversaries hacking into our pipelines or grid – it is critical that we better equip our federal agencies to prevent and respond to attacks in a way that fully protects the public
11824	No Propaganda	 Boner Center, and other community organizations. These programs provide hands-on training in advanced manufacturing, healthcare, and technology—helping workers re-enter the job market with the skills needed for today’s careers. We must continue expanding these efforts to prepare our workforce for the jobs of the future
20101	No Propaganda	 We cannot rely on a patchwork of state-level rights that are consistently under threat. We need to protect reproductive rights at the federal level. And Congress must not only safeguard the federal right to abortion, but also repeal laws like the Hyde amendment which puts care out of reach for marginalized and low-income communities, and end the criminalization of abortion at the federal level
19549	No Propaganda	 She believes that healthcare should be a right, not a privilege. She is working in Congress to protect essential programs like Medicare and Medicaid, advance efforts to lower the cost of prescription drugs, and restore and expand women’s access to reproductive care.For any specific questions about the Congresswoman's work and views related to healthcare, please contact our office
16903	Loaded Language	"""She voted against the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, which would accelerate a """"race to the bottom"""" for environmental standards. She also opposed the Keystone XL Pipeline proposal, which would risk significant environmental degradation. As the top Democrat on the Small Business Committee, she has supported policies that position entrepreneurs as leaders in the green energy revolution, enabling the development and adoption of cleaner energy sources to help slow climate change"""
8562	No Propaganda	 By strengthening Medicaid, the bill makes more resources available for vulnerable populations and safety net providers, like rural hospitals. QUESTION: Does this bill cut SNAP benefits?ANSWER: No. It does not reduce funding for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP)
18129	Loaded Language	A secure border is essential to protecting our country and upholding the rule of law. Pat supports enforcing immigration laws, strengthening border security, and combating human trafficking and drug smuggling. By modernizing our immigration system, we can protect our communities while ensuring fairness for those seeking to contribute legally
18246	Appeal to Fear	 Not only are we facing global threats, but the threats of random attacks on American soil are becoming more and more real. It is the Congresswoman's top priority to ensure the continued safety of her own constituency and all Americans.Another aspect of national security is cybersecurity
11270	No Propaganda	gov 💻 Online: krishnamoorthi.house.gov/contact/emailAdditional InformationBelow, you’ll find answers to some of the most frequently asked questions about the shutdown
20339	Appeal to Fear	 Since passage of this bill, my worst nightmares have become a reality as the law's implementation continues to drive up costs, saddle small businesses with burdensome regulations, and imposes unfunded mandates on the Commonwealth, by shifting costs from the federal government to the states. We must repeal this law and move forward with commonsense reforms that will improve our nation's healthcare system and provide even greater access to more Americans.During the 115th Congress, I introduced several pieces of legislation that offered real reform to key areas of healthcare and care delivery
1533	Name Calling	"""  Even many of Congress's """"feel-good"""" bills overstep our federal authority and have turned into a takeover of states' 10th Amendment rights. It is time for Congress to practice some self-restraint and work within the bounds of the Constitution.When running for office, I also promised my constituents that I would fight to achieve six major goals in Congress"""
8132	No Propaganda	 Since then, Rep. Courtney has successfully led House passage of the Workplace Violence Prevention for Health Care and Social Service Workers Act alongside a bipartisan group of lawmakers in the 116th and 117th Congresses. In the 117th Congress, the bill passed with 254 votes, including 37 Republicans
13590	No Propaganda	Since the passage of the USMCA Trade Agreement, I have joined my colleagues in making sure other countries are honoring their agreements. I have called for the implementation of USMCA enforcement measures to support our dairy industry, and worked with colleagues on both sides of the aisle to voice our unwavering support for free trade and Michigan farmers.Expand Rural BroadbandRural broadband development is one of my top priorities as a member of Congress
3906	No Propaganda	""" Serving in Congress is meant to be a public service, not a lifelong career, and I will work to make sure that the new ideas and energy will continue to move our country forward. Click here to learn more about the bills that I introduced and cosponsored. Read my op-ed in USA Today calling for bipartisan reforms in Washington"""
16596	No Propaganda	"""695 - USPS Fairness Act H.Res.119- Expressing that the USPS should take all appropriate measures to restore service standards in effect as of 7/1/2012 H"""
17730	No Propaganda	"""H.R. 4216The Strengthen Financial Aid for Students Act (Strengthening FAFSA) To fortify the Income Protection Allowance and extend lifetime Pell Grant eligibility for students"""
4220	Appeal to Fear	Reducing our Oil DependenceWith only 3% of the known global oil reserves, the United States cannot become energy independent or affect the price of oil simply through oil drilling alone. New policies are needed because our oil dependency drains money from our economy that could be better used to grow American prosperity. Our oil dependency also undermines our national security and worsens the threat of climate change
18301	Loaded Language	Agriculture is a top industry in our state, and North Dakota farmers work tirelessly to feed and fuel the world despite our short growing season and frequent challenges like droughts, floods, and uncertain market conditions. As someone who grew up spending summers on my family’s farm, I have a deep appreciation for the hard work, resilience, and innovation of our farmers and ranchers.  Agriculture is the backbone of our economy and our communities
2965	Loaded Language	 While before the ACA many low-income individuals with HIV did not qualify for Medicaid until they became disabled, the ACA's Medicaid expansion dramatically increased access to Medicaid for people with HIV. Today, more than 40 percent are covered under the program. The Affordable Care Act ended discrimination based on pre-existing conditions including HIV/AIDS, improved Medicare Part D for people participating in ADAP, and ended annual and lifetime caps on health benefits
9207	Appeal to Fear	 Even worse, one of those routes is prone to flooding and can bottleneck to one lane during a storm. This is dangerous and unacceptable.The Congressman worked closely with Pasco County officials, the Army Corps and President Trump in order to expedite approval of the permit
19133	Name Calling	 We must also rein in the Biden Administration’s excessive government spending and misguided policies, which instigated our present inflation crisis and threaten to drive our economy into a painful recession. Additionally, we must address the main drivers of our national debt. If left unchecked, our national debt will threaten America’s economic future with higher interest payments, increased risk of financial crises, higher taxes, and a lower standard of living for future generations
22536	Appeal to Fear	 We must defeat voter suppression, gerrymandering and a torrent of special-interest dark money just to exercise their right to vote in our democracy and make their voices heard. I strongly opposed a Republican bill that would limit voting access by prohibiting the use of a driver's license for voter registration and essentially eliminating online/mail registration. Elected officials unafraid of being held accountable should make it easier to register and to vote, not harder, but that is what Republicans in Washington and Texas are doing
1382	No Propaganda	 However, I certainly oppose policy proposals such as Cap & Trade and other similar carbon emission control systems that harm economic growth and destroy American jobs.These are just a few pieces of our energy puzzle though. We can tap into these energy resources in a clean, environmentally sensitive way
5669	No Propaganda	 In 2015, provisions inspired by my legislation were included in Minute 320 – an updated provision of a treaty between the United States and Mexico. This provision helped create a framework for binational cooperation to address the sewage pollution. This provision also laid the foundation for a later, 2022 provision – Minute 328 – that built on these efforts by identifying a list of projects both countries agreed upon to address the sewage and expand treatment facilities
12364	No Propaganda	 I have also brought federal funding back to Kansas for local green space initiatives like the 6th St. Bike Boulevard and Heritage Trail Connection, the Sumner Area Green Corridor, and the Klamm Park Trail. Additionally, I voted to pass new tax breaks so Kansans can save money when buying electric vehicles and upgrading the energy efficiency of their homes
1576	Loaded Language	 They fought so that we could live in the land of freedom and opportunity, and we will forever be in their debt.Despite the many promises we have made to our veterans in return for their service, many still struggle to access care and benefits due to a disappointingly inefficient Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). As reported over the past few years, the VA has fallen woefully short of expectations and simple measures of human decency towards America's best
19219	No Propaganda	 I believe we must harness American innovation by improving energy efficacy and success, supporting research and basic science labs and widening access to STEM education while building America's STEM workforce.I support the needs of our scientists to continue their research and provide meaningful employment to our communities. In fact, the Fourth District of Oklahoma is the proud home of the National Weather Center, a massive research center that provides facts and predictions regarding the weather and information on emergency preparedness
22204	Loaded Language	 As a country, we made a promise to protect our elderly and ensure they would have reliable access to the resources and support that they earned. Now more than ever, we cannot abandon our seniors when their resources, and ultimately their independence is threatened.Congressman Gonzalez opposes ill-advised efforts to privatize Social Security or turn Medicare into a voucher system
17488	No Propaganda	 I launched the C.A.R
17814	No Propaganda	"""4385 Cancer Drug Parity Act Requires a group health plan to ensure that patient copays for oral anticancer are not higher than the copays for anticancer medications administered by a health care provider.H.R"""
13458	Name Calling	 We need more leaders with the political courage to take action because our kids are dying in our schools and on our streets. I was one of the first lawmakers to refuse to participate in Republican-led “moments of silence” in Congress because the status quo is unacceptable: we need real change.
11434	No Propaganda	Those are the principles that are reflected in the alternative I offered to the Bowles-Simpson plan. It would create jobs, cut wasteful defense spending, raise revenues in a fair way and protect Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. I have also introduced legislation that would build on my plan – the Emergency Jobs to Restore the American Dream Act, which would create over two million jobs, and the Fairness in Taxation Act, which would create new tax brackets for millionaires and billionaires
