What are the categories you are considering annotating?  These need not be fully finalized yet (AP2 will do that after you start digging into the data) but give us enough information to check if you're on the right track.
What is the source of your data?  Include a statement that the data is neither private nor under copyright, and can be freely shared with others (only consider data that meet those criteria)


According to Plutchik’s theory, fear and anger are alternate 
responses to a real or perceived threat or danger. Fear, on the one hand, 
inhibits action or mandates escape towards safety (“flight”). Anger, on 
the other hand, invites disruptive action to remove an obstacle, for 
example by confronting an enemy seen as having caused the problem or 
standing in the way of its solution (“fight”)

According to Smith and Ellsworth [17], angry 
people have a tendency to blame others and experience agency, whereas 
fearful people are less likely to blame others and, instead, experience 
disempowerment.

Both fearful and angry people usually attribute the origin of their 
emotion to a source outside themselves. Accordingly, there could also be 
a mutually reinforcing relationship between fear and anger levels

we consider anxiety alongside fear, and disgust 
alongside anger. Eadeh and Chang 
[23] find convergence between anger and disgust, as well as fear and 
anxiety

Populists construe a political division between themselves and other 
actors, whom they disparage as “elite” or “establishment.” The targets of 
populist attacks mirror this by construing a political division between 
themselves, as sharing a commonly held platform of respectable orien
tations, and populists who do not share that platform [24]. we rely on Foucault’s post
structuralist theorizing [13] to construct governmentality as a 
“thin-centred ideology” that rivals populism as an opposing “thin-cen
tred ideology” [14]. 

Source of Data: The data is found by identifying all current members of the House of Representatives as listed at https://www.house.gov/representativesLinks and visiting their “Issues” page by visiting https://{last_name}.house.gov/issues (example: https://harder.house.gov/issues). The robots.txt page do not disclaim any automated webscraping tool and the information is not implictly private (it is meant to be read by all interested parties: voters) or copyrighted (all quotes or information presented is available in the public domain)